NightEyeShaders 1.0 by Timeslip
NightEyeShaders 0.0.2 by Raziel23x
An example plugin to show how to make use of obmm's EditShader function.

*****************
** Description **
*****************

This mod contains 17 replacement nighteye shaders for oblivion. It uses obmm to avoid having to overwrite a whole sdp package, so there are no compatibility problems with other shader mods. (As long as those other shader mods also don't try overwriting the whole sdp, of course)

For a non-omod nighteye shader replacement, I suggest you try this mod:
http://www.tessource.net/files/file.php?id=2927

***********
** Usage **
***********

Just activate the omod. You will be given a list of shaders to choose from, and each shader will have a preview so that you can see what it looks like in game. When you've finished, deactivate the omod and obmm will automatically restore the original nightvision shader.

This mod has been tested with several shader packages, and so far has worked with all of them, even when HDR is active.

The edge detect shader is a bit special, since it needs to be matched to your screen resolution. By default, it's set up for a 1024*768 resolution. It will work with other resolutions, but will get more inaccurate the further you are from 1024*768. Changing the resolution is quite a complicated task, so I wont describe how to do it, but here's the HLSL you need for anyone familiar with shaders who wants to try:

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
sampler s0;
static const float2 rcpres = { 0.0009765625, 0.00130208333333 }; //1024*768

static const float2 PixelKernel[4] =
{
    { 0,  1},
    { 1,  0},
    { 0, -1},
    {-1,  0}
};

float4 Main( float2 Tex : TEXCOORD0 ) : COLOR0
{
    float3 LuminanceConv = { 0.2125, 0.7154, 0.0721 };
    float4 Orig = tex2D( s0, Tex );
    float4 Sum = 0;
    for( int i = 0; i < 4; i++ ) {
        Sum += ( abs( Orig - tex2D( s0, Tex + (PixelKernel[i]*rcpres) ) ) );
    }

    return saturate( dot( LuminanceConv, Sum ) ) * 5;
}
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The .pso files included in the omod can be imported into my sdp editor if you want to modify them.

*******************
** Compatability **
*******************

Since this mod uses obmm's EditShader function instead of replacing entire sdp packages, it will be compatable with any other shader mods which don't try to alter the nighteye shaders.

This mod will not conflict with any non shader mods, and will not effect your save game in any way.

***************
*** Credits ***
***************

Scanti: For the greeneye and sepia shaders
gex30002: For beta testing with HDR.
My infravision shader is a copy of the effect given by the infravision shader in accurain's nighteye shader pack, although my implementation is completely different.
The edge detect shader is based off one from microsofts DX SDK

*************
** History **
*************
0.0.2
Added a normal light shader which removes some color making it semi Color blind.
0.0.1 
Initial release

Added a normal light shader which makes it look no different then if the sun was up
	
Revision of Timeslips NightEyeShaders 1.0